CUMULUS-2355: Add logic to disable s3CredentialsEndpoint (#2099)
nasa/cumulus: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/).

## [Unreleased]

> ### Changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changed
```

Nit: for consistency

- `<prefix>-lambda-api-gateway` IAM role used by API Gateway Lambda now supports accessing all buckets defined in your `buckets` variable except "internal" buckets
- **CUMULUS-2362**
  - Logs endpoints only work with Metrics set up
- **CUMULUS-2350**
  - Updates the examples on the `/s3credentialsREADME`, to include Python and JavaScript code demonstrating how to refresh the s3credential for programatic access.

> - **CUMULUS-2355**

Reviewer: This nodte is still nested under the release 7.0.0  instead of "Unreleased"

    custom security group mappings
- **CUMULUS-2402**
  - Officially expose `sftp()` for use in `@cumulus/sftp-client`

> - **CUMULUS-2355**

Reviewer: This CHANGELOG note is nested under the 6.0.0 release right now, but it should be moved up to the "Unreleased" section

    custom security group mappings
- **CUMULUS-2402**
  - Officially expose `sftp()` for use in `@cumulus/sftp-client`
- **CUMULUS-2355**

>   - Add logic to disable `s3CredentialsEndpoint` based upon value for environment variable `DISABLE_S3_CREDENTIALS`. If set to "true", it will
>     disable the lambda.

Reviewer: This isn't quite true - if the environment variable is set then it will disable the dispensing of S3 credentials from the endpoint, but the Lambda will still run. Also we should give the name of the Lambda for context

```suggestion
  - Added logic to disable `/s3Credentials` endpoint based upon value for environment variable `DISABLE_S3_CREDENTIALS`. If set to "true",  the endpoint will not dispense S3 credentials and instead return a message indicating that the endpoint has been disabled.
```

Author: Oh, that's true. I will update for clarity

Reviewer: Also, it seems like documentation on this is called for somewhere, but we don't seem to have any public docs about managing this endpoint for integrators. Failing that, maybe adding a README to `packages/s3-credentials-endpoint` that calls it out would be good

Reviewer: Actually, since this is an NGAP-only feature, we have a wiki page that would be worth updating instead:

https://wiki.earthdata.nasa.gov/display/CUMULUS/Cumulus+Direct+S3+Access

Author: [`fc51a9a` (#2099)](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus/pull/2099/commits/fc51a9a280c17bb4b8c023ed01d7e027f62336dc)

Author: Should I update the [wiki page](https://wiki.earthdata.nasa.gov/display/CUMULUS/Cumulus+Direct+S3+Access) after the feature goes out? I don't want to cause confusion by adding it prematurely. @markdboyd

Reviewer: Ah good call. Yeah I guess we'll have to just update it after this change has been released
